Uhuh,
I
suddenly forgot about the shutters, the door hiding in the
movie, Uncle and Auntie 14e,
Uncle
Duc, the library
[
music], that's right, I'm affected by the millions. Don't use the word "of"
[music], sir. Sir, sir, [
music], let's go up, everyone just helps, I don't want to love, it's all over [music], sir. Uh uh uh
uh
[music],
for [
music],
little lover,
at 20 points A
[music], karaoke
[Applause] karaoke [
Applause] karaoke, huh? [music]
[Applause] [music] [Applause
] [Applause]
[Applause]
Hi
[music], hello, I'm glad to
hear that you're
preparing to go to Vietnam, especially to Ba
Vang Pagoda. And I also want to send my
best wishes to you, a girl who's as young as
me, but it's really amazing
when you host the show. Well, your
face is really beautiful, your face is
very good. Well, then,
how do you do it over there? You still have to remember the pagoda, okay? When you
come back to Vietnam, it has to go up  The temple
is always with you, brothers and sisters, or even
sisters in Vietnam, so many of you, going to
a new country is so new. But
now I miss my wife, I don't see you
talking about
[music]
success. Yes,
how of high school,
I wish you well, but
there's only one message from you, that in
that faraway land, you're still sitting and talking at Ba
Vang Temple, you're taking
medicine. Goodbye, dear Khanh Linh.
Goodbye, Khanh Linh. Mai Linh is going near Lan. I
miss you so much. How can I forget? Beloved Ba Vang Temple, I miss you
so much. How can I forget? Beloved Ba Vang Temple.
Eating as a gift?
[music]
From the above information, we have compiled
the news from the Golden Club, practicing
Luc Hoa. Thank you for your interest and
attention. Greetings and see
you again in the next news.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.